docs: add <meta> tags (group 2) (#951)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/fbw-a32nx/feature-guides/flypados3/online-atc.md

---
title: flyPadOS 3 EFB - Online ATC

> description: Discover how to use online ATC services such as VATSIM or IVAO with FlyPadOS3 for the FlyByWire A32NX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Discover how to use online ATC services such as VATSIM or IVAO with flyPadOS 3 for the FlyByWire A32NX.
```
